[Music]
have you ever tried taking squares
arithmetically
in the primes there's a lot for you
quadratic reciprocity
[Music]
numbers are real swell
for the first time
it's someone from the
end of the 18th century who
summed the numbers up to 100 so quickly
when he was just nine years old
it's a story often told
a story often told
[Music]
estimate location with mean
is what you would do on a whim
but it led
with a solution named after him
he used lines and planes to explain
relations between variable pairs
absolute error was a pain
and now we're all doing these squares
you may have
yeah these concepts are so sublime but
just who showed them to us for the
first time he saw
one from the end of the 18th century
who summed the numbers up to 100 so
quickly
when he was just nine years old
but there's still some things left
untold
his obsession with work was
true with
[Music]
to his children
it is a bit frustrating
that she like to live out
[Music]
no doubt he's someone
from the end of the 18th century
he summoned up to 100 so
quickly eight years old how did that
really unfold
someone from the end of the 18th century
born to poor parents but still a child
prodigy
and you can't blatantly see
gauss's work had really made
the rest is history merry christmas
everyone
indeed merry christmas everyone
i would like to give a huge thanks huge
shout out to
each and everyone who took some time out
of their daily life to
record something for this christmas
special and seriously
i can thank all of the participants
enough
and the people who stood by my side
during the whole process namely
the fox and stefan pierco and also peter
seriously thanks to every one of you
this right here became the
biggest stem collaboration i ever did
here on youtube it
beat all of them avengers before out of
the window
when it came to just a sheer amount of
participants nearly
40 participants in this year's christmas
special and
seriously guys thank you so much and i
hope each and every one of you
enjoyed what you saw today also before
we can get into the whole charity part
of the video
i want to give a special thanks to the
two people i mentioned before on the one
hand stefan pierko the person who
created the song the melody for the song
the whole lyrics you did
such a fantastic job helped me mix
everything up and
seriously thank you so much and if you
think that stefan
did a seriously great job then make sure
to support him subscribe to his channel
and you can support him by
checking out the direct donation link on
his paper so
yeah i can't thank you enough and the
second thank you goes to
the fox johan boyrish the german fox you
may have
seen him before in other methvengers he
helped
create a mix of the version you have
heard
just now so the melody and yeah other
than that he helped mixing everything
together
so thank you very much subscribe to his
channel and you can support him
financially on patreon if you like what
he creates
so let's get to the main charity part of
the video
i thought this year i would do something
good for society
no math vengeance no just integral
solving i just thought
well why not do a charity event i never
did something like this before and i
wanted to actually give it a try because
this year has been so straining for each
and every one of us and i just fought
and felt like doing something good this
year for once you all know me just as
being the
me mathematician guy posting here on
youtube twitter instagram etc
but actually i also have a heart and
yeah you didn't expect it but i would
like to
help out some animals in need this year
and also you can choose which charity
the collected money is going to go to so
you might ask yourself how can you
contribute to this charity
and one contribution is already by
watching this video
because all the adsense revenue being
generated by this video is going to go
directly to charity and we are going to
collect the money up until mid of
february 14th
of february not only is all the ad
revenue going to go to
charity at revenue means the more you
share the video around
the more money is going to go to charity
overall
so share the video around also to all
the participants please
create community post just spreading the
word out there that a video like this
exists and that all the money is going
to go to charity directly
but also you can buy the song a whole
album with the instrumentals another
version from stefan hopefully
and a bunch of other things in there you
can buy it
here on all those providers spotify
hopefully
itunes etc i hope everything works out
with the uploading
you can pledge whatever amount you want
and all of the money is going to go
directly to charity yet again none is
going to go into my pocket or anyone's
pocket
everything straight to charity also
obviously you can do direct donations
linked on the
description and also stem merge is going
to do its part
you can also purchase the song over on
stem merge but all the tips
that are going to be generated by
stemmers so people can give
tips to us over there if they think that
our service is nice
all the tips that we are going to
generate from now up until mid of
february are going to go
to charity directly too so if you
purchase something on stem merge
for example also the song then make sure
to leave a tip to support us in this
manner
and one more way you can now directly
support
the course by watching this mid-raw ad
now you heard
all the time charity charity charity
from me but which charities are we
talking about at the moment
there are actually three you can choose
from and we are going to
select one namely you can go over to
stem merge and you are going to find a
poll over there there are
three charities you can select from so
if you feel like voting then go over
there to stem merge and give your vote
you can either choose doctors without
borders
or you can choose stanston it's a
it's a child charity where they help
children in
in need basically and the other one is
the well-known saint jude's research
hospital
those are the three you can choose from
and once decided at the end
of the charity event we are going to
donate the money
their way to the person or to the
charity being
voted by you my subscribers and all the
people coming to this channel
if we by any chance reach a threshold of
a thousand dollars by some miracle
coincidence
we are going to split the money from the
charity up
because my wife and i actually like to
help
animals in need our dog akiro
is actually from bulgaria and we already
helped him we basically imported or
saved him
from this country to our place and
if you reach a thousand dollars and more
we are going to split
all the charity money up 70 percent are
going to go to the
charity being chosen by you and the
other 30
are going to go to um a local anime
shelter at my hometown the tiaghan plown
and i hope we can help them with this
charity event
we just love little animals and yeah as
you can see hannah also really enjoys
what i'm giving her here so yeah if you
want to really support little fur balls
this christmas then definitely make sure
to
spend at least one dollar for this
charity event if each and every
one of us spends like one dollar for
this charity event we are going to get a
big amount of money together
and i think with a thousand dollars for
a little local animal shelter they could
do
a lot of things with their money so that
would be really cool
other than that like mentioned before
you can buy and purchase the songs
everywhere
here as well as on stem merge and you
can follow the donation
progress over on stem which too we are
going to have a lot of bars going on
over there where you can
see all the donations split up total
donation amount from
song sales direct donation and also ad
revenue
so yeah detailed explanation of
everything over on stem merge it was
just a good platform to post everything
that way we didn't have to
create a whole new website for this
charity event and yeah this is basically
it once again i would like to thank each
and everyone
who participated this year also i would
like to thank each and every
viewer who actually took some time out
of their christmas to
watch this video and i hope you did
enjoy this video if you did
then please like and subscribe and
recommend the channel of like don't
forget to subscribe to
each and every participant you can find
all the links down in the description as
well as my channel obviously
i'm going to do stem collaborations all
the time here on this channel so if you
want to see more collaborations then
definitely make sure to
subscribe to the channel other than that
thanks to each and every one
of my patrons who were kind enough to
support the channel over the course of
this year
and everyone who bought the merchandise
etc and up until next video i wish you
guys
a very fantastic day um yeah shared a
video around
such that we raised a lot of money for
little furballs
and children for example this christmas
ciao
[Music]
you